[DISCO-4048] feat: Add a supporting application for sanitization prototyp (#1561)
mozilla-services/merino-py: merino-fleece/README.md

### A supporting application for Merino

> This application is designed to be run alongside with the main Merino application for certain task offloading such as search term sanitization for Firefox Suggest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application is designed to be run with the main Merino application for task offloading, such as search term sanitization for Firefox Suggest.

Search term sanitization looks for most commonly occurring personally identifiable information (PII) and returns a flag if it exists. This flag controls if that information is logged or collected. Detection uses the [spaCy](https://spacy.io/) natural language processing library. Please refer to that library for additional information.

(The project name "fleece" is a play on the source project "[merino](https://github.com/mozilla-services/merino-py/#about-the-name)".)
```
